elements;
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? No limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? By using the target attribute and assign to _blank;
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Alt is short for alternative and used for if href image doesn't show up alt value will display.
    15. How do I reference an id? 
	he syntax for id is: write a hash character (#), followed by an id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? 
         The only difference between the DIV and SECTION elements is semantics—the meaning of the content you're dividing up. Any content contained in a DIV element .
    17. What is CSS used for? 
     CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers. CSS is independent of HTML and can be used with any XML-based markup language
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

         In CSS, selectors are patterns used to select the element(s) you want to style.

         In CSS, selectors are patterns used to select the element(s) you want to style. 
         eg h2{
             color: red;
             font-size: 1.5rem;
         }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
		The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID is only used to identify one single element in our HTML. IDs are only used when one element on the page should have a particular style applied to it. However, a class can be used to identify more than one HTML element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
       P.human{
         }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. ... The element > element selector selects those elements which are the children of specific parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	Use the line-height property in CSS to do so. Browsers by default will create a certain amount of space between lines to ensure that the text is easily readable.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
 Letter-spacing: 6px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
 Element.uppercase element.lowercase elem
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
     Border: 4px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{
     Color: black;
     }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     Single line comment /* This is a single-line comment */
     Group comment <!-- These paragraphs will be red -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


   